[CDF-21821, CDF-21860, CDF-22355] Split auth in inti and verify (#956)
cognitedata/toolkit: CHANGELOG.cdf-tk.md

## TBD

### Changed

- [BREAKING] The command `cdf auth verify` has been split into `cdf auth init` and `cdf auth verify`. The `init` command

>   is used to initialize the authentication, and the `verify` command is used to verify the authentication. The `init`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  is used to initialize the auth parameters, and the `verify` command is used to verify that required privileges are set. The `init`
```
